Runtime CR lifecycle (#2179)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/contributor/03-80-runtime-cr-lifecycle.md

# Runtime CR Lifecycle

## Overview

Runtime Custom Resource is created by KEB during the provisioning process. Its specification describes the desired configuration of the runtime. 
Runtime CR state is reconciled by the Kyma Infrastructure Manager (KIM).

## Provisioning

> KEB creates the Runtime CR during the provisioning process. The Runtime CR is created with the desired configuration of the runtime, which includes information about the cluster, machine types, network configuration, and other settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During provisioning, KEB creates the Runtime CR with the desired runtime configuration, which includes information about the cluster, machine types, network configuration, and other settings.
```

> After the Runtime CR is created, KEB waits for the KIM to set the state of the Runtime CR to `Ready`. When the state is set to `Ready`, KEB considers the provisioning process successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, KEB waits for KIM to set the state of the Runtime CR to `Ready`. When the state is set to `Ready`, KEB considers the provisioning process successful.
```

> If the KIM fails to set the state of the Runtime CR to `Ready` within the timeout period (currently set to 60 minutes), KEB considers the provisioning process failed and initiates the Runtime CR removal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If KIM fails to set the state of the Runtime CR to `Ready` within the timeout period (currently set to 60 minutes), KEB considers the provisioning process failed and initiates the Runtime CR removal.
```

## Deprovisioning and Suspension
During the deprovisioning process, KEB removes the Runtime CR and waits till the resource is deleted.

## Unsuspension

> When the SKR is unsuspended, KEB creates a new Runtime CR with the same specification as the previous one. The process is identical to the provisioning process, where KEB waits for the KIM to set the state of the new Runtime CR to `Ready`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Kyma runtime is unsuspended, KEB creates a new Runtime CR with the same specification as the previous one. The process is identical to the provisioning process, where KEB waits for KIM to set the state of the new Runtime CR to `Ready`.
```

## Update

> When the SKR is updated, KEB updates the Runtime CR with the new specification. Then KEB waits for the KIM to set the state of the Runtime CR to either `Ready` or `Failed`. If the state is set to `Ready`, KEB considers the update process successful. If the state is set to `Failed`, KEB considers the update process failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Kyma runtime is updated, KEB updates the Runtime CR with the new specification. Then, KEB waits for KIM to set the state of the Runtime CR to either `Ready` or `Failed`. If the state is set to `Ready`, KEB considers the update process successful. If the state is set to `Failed`, KEB considers the update process failed.
```
